{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25700\viewh17860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 \
\

\b Introduction\

\b0 This is a logical treatise of definition and an attempt to satisfy a physical construction of axiom. Wikipedia\'92s entry on the word definition says \'93Definitions and axioms are the basis on which all of mathematics is constructed.\'94 Knowing this, definition may seem like too large a topic to broach logically. However a short explanation of the pathway to my reasoning may explain some of my undoubtedly out of the box conclusions on this large a topic. \
\

\b Preamble
\b0 \
To understand my attempt of a physical interpretation  of definition I will have to give a brief introduction of myself. My academic background and work experience are in the area of computer science and artificial intelligence (AI).  I have never studied physics at any level and have never done academic research in the area. Privately I have studied particle physics and alternative quantum theories to some degree. I am good at self learning. I had no formal education prior to university and am largely self taught. This included no education on the hard sciences of math, chemistry or physics. No other subject was taught either. Now I have some academic credentials. In 2011 I was awarded my PhD in Computer science and AI from the School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh. In addition I was employed as an statistical AI researcher at the University of Oxford for four further years. Now I am VP, Data Science for a successful AI start up based on Wall Street. My interest in a more rigorous concept of definition grew  during my time at the University of Oxford while reading about theoretical physics as a hobby. \
\
Though there are a large number of theories targeting a more complete definition of energy in the universe (string theory, wave-particle duality, loop quantum gravity, dark energy, dark matter, etc.) in reality it is a problem that our species is not yet close to solving. During a talk I attended at the University of Oxford\'92s Physics Department by scientists from the LHC at CERN the dearth of our current body of knowledge of the universe was impressed on the audience. Even after the discovery of the Higgs boson and incorporating it into the standard model the scientists explained they explain less than ten percent of matter in the universe that is observable via our telescopes and satellites. \
\
If we believe Albert Einstein then the difference between matter and energy is only the speed at which the composite particles interact. Speed up a table fast enough and you will have pure energy. Slow down pure energy enough and you might get a turtle shell. The fact that now scientists are unable to explain the bulk of the physical matter in the universe implies strongly we must not have yet discovered some categories of energy critical to the structure of the matter we can observe. \
\
As I began to think about the problem more I was struck by the religious connotations inherent in a theory of everything. Beyond a purely semantic logical inclusion \'97 a theory of everything should include religion \'97 the problem of course strikes at the core of ancient idea about God. My parents were converted Jews and I was born and raised in an independent religious sect. As devout Christians, my parents raised me to believe that God was an all powerful consciousness. God\'92s definition was an eternal energy that was at all times omnipresent, in every possible place at the same time, omniscient, contained all knowledge, and omnipotent, an all powerful creature. If I were religious I would in essence by exploring theories of my childhood idea of a God. However I am not religious by nature and in any case God is hardly considered a satisfying and complete scientific solution. \
\
In lieu of relying only on God or gods humans have satisfied our endless curiosity using numbers and functions. Numbers are the most primitive functions that are also axioms. There is a definition for the number one but not a proof. Of course all proofs are based off of the axioms of numbers. Being a computer scientist I often use the number zero to begin any counting sequence. Starting with zero we could consider a theory of everything as the inverse of the definition of nothing. Nothing is defined as a type of singularity that contains only itself. A complete theory of everything should contain in it a definition of nothing plus everything else, including itself. \
\
The idea of notational self contained completeness is of course a well studied phenomenon with my famous results. For examples, \
 - Incompleteness theorem essentially proves that there cannot exist an annotation (symbolic logical language) such that it is fully self contained and can also prove itself without contradiction. \
 - Russell\'92s paradox shows a logical contradiction in the formulation of any set said to contain all sets. \
\
These theories negate the possibility for a complete and logical theory of everything using a single self contained notational language. The search for a theory of everything however is not limited by notational theory and logic. Physicists and mathematicians are searching for a coherent set of theoretical components that provides a framework that is capable of encapsulating all observable phenomena in the universe. These theoretical sub-components are not  restricted to a unified notation. However all the theoretical components have their basis on geometric axioms. The concept of axiom itself has not until now been given any physical or geometric interpretation. This is the aim of this treatise.   \
\

\b Theory
\b0 \
Definition/axiom has a physical (geometric) interpretation that is both measurable, discoverable and continuously evolving. \
\

\i Supporting Evidence
\i0  \
- Assumption: a theory of everything exists and can be discovered.\
- As a thought experiment, treat ToE as the generalized negation of definition of nothing plus definition of nothing. Inverse/negation of definition of nothing is \'93something\'94. The space of all the independent \'93somethings\'94 plus nothing is everything. \
- definition of nothing/zero.\
- Notice difference between nothing and everything is only in definition. \
	- can\'92t add/subtract/divide/multiple anything\
 	- can\'92t create any subpart that isn\'92t already present\
	- You can\'92t observe/define any subset of zero. But you can observe/define some subset of everything. \
- definition of something/anything relies on axioms. Integers are the lowest level axioms. \
- try to define the integers. Standard approach is to use the ZF axiomatic definition. \
- leads to \'93point of limit of definition\'94\
- negation rule for a new point function of definition of definition. Plus/minus limit of definition of the function.\
- full expression with normalization function . one definition point is found by normalizing positive and negative limit of definition of function by space off all known functions. \
- normalization space: positive/negative of all functions (besides numerator function) that are known. \
\

\b Potential Applications
\b0 \
The use of such a theory can be applied in situations where the definition of a target function is not wholly known. \
For an unknown definition (such as example applications): \
	- We should normalize by everything else in the universe of the definition. We are back to the beginning of the problem. \
	- use the method itself as recursive hierarchal statistical search. Every observation of the inverse function is a bit more knowledge of the definition. \
\

\b Theoretical Corollaries
\b0 \
\
\
}